Add WebPush support for Safari (#674)
jazzband/django-push-notifications: README.rst

**WP settings**

- ``WP_PRIVATE_KEY``: Absolute path to your private certificate file: os.path.join(BASE_DIR, "private_key.pem")

> - ``WP_CLAIMS``: Dictionary with the same sub info like claims file: {'sub': "mailto: development@example.com"}

Author: It feels like more of an error in the docs, it's an invalid [mailto uri](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6068#page-4)
Rather than explain to people not to do that, I think it would be enough to corret the mistake in the docs
If you agree there is another place earlier in the doc that I'm aware of that has the same issue.

While we are here, this sentence doesn't make sense to me
>Dictionary with the same sub info like claims file:

I don't know what `the same sub info like claime file` is referring to
```suggestion
- ``WP_CLAIMS``: Dictionary with default value for the sub, (subject), sent to the webpush service, This would be used by the service if they needed to reach out to you, the sender. Could be a url or mailto e.g. {'sub': "mailto:development@example.com"}.
```

> - ``WP_CLAIMS``: Dictionary with the same sub info like claims file: {'sub': "mailto: development@example.com"}

Reviewer: There is indeed another space after `mailto:` in a configuration example earlier in the doc. And there are occurences in `tests/settings_unique.py` and `tests/settings.py`, but this is a detail.

	vapid --sign claim.json

	No private_key.pem file found.
	Do you want me to create one for you? (Y/n)Y
	Do you want me to create one for you? (Y/n)Y
	Generating private_key.pem
	Generating public_key.pem
	Include the following headers in your request:

	Crypto-Key: p256ecdsa=BEFuGfKKEFp-kEBMxAIw7ng8HeH_QwnH5_h55ijKD4FRvgdJU1GVlDo8K5U5ak4cMZdQTUJlkA34llWF0xHya70

	Authorization: WebPush eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1QiLCJhbGciOiJFUzI1NiJ9.eyJhdWQiOiJodHRwczovL2FuZHJvaWQuZ29vZ2xlYXBpcy5jb20iLCJleHAiOiIxNTA4NDkwODM2Iiwic3ViIjoibWFpbHRvOiBkZXZlbG9wbWVudEBleGFtcGxlLmNvbSJ9.r5CYMs86X3JZ4AEs76pXY5PxsnEhIFJ-0ckbibmFHZuyzfIpf1ZGIJbSI7knA4ufu7Hm8RFfEg5wWN1Yf-dR2A

	- Generate client public key (applicationServerKey)

.. code-block:: bash

	vapid --applicationServerKey

	Application Server Key = BEFuGfKKEFp-kEBMxAIw7ng8HeH_QwnH5_h55ijKD4FRvgdJU1GVlDo8K5U5ak4cMZdQTUJlkA34llWF0xHya70

- Configure settings:

- ``WP_PRIVATE_KEY``: Absolute path to your private certificate file: os.path.join(BASE_DIR, "private_key.pem")
- ``WP_CLAIMS``: Dictionary with the same sub info like claims file: {'sub': "mailto: development@example.com"}
- ``WP_ERROR_TIMEOUT``: The timeout on WebPush POSTs. (Optional)

> - ``WP_POST_URL``: A dictionary (key per browser supported) with the full url that webpush notifications will be POSTed to. (Optional)

Author: This MR is essentially deprectating the old approach. Instead the full endpoint that the browser returns is stored in the registration_id of the model, instead of just the token, and the code uses exactly what the browser gave us when we send the message. Rather than composing a url based on what is in WP_POST_URL.

As a result I thought it was sensible to remove the WP_POST_URL from the docs as it would confuse new users.

	device.send_message(data)

> Web Push accepts only one variable (``message``), which is passed directly to pywebpush. This message can be a simple string, which will be used as your notification's body, or it can be contain `any data supported by pywebpush<https://github.com/web-push-libs/pywebpush>`.
> 
> Simple example:
> 
> .. code-block:: python
> 
> 	from push_notifications.models import WebPushDevice
> 
> 	device = WebPushDevice.objects.get(registration_id=wp_reg_id)
> 
> 	device.send_message("You've got mail")
> 
> .. note::
> 	To customize the notification title using this method, edit the ``"TITLE DEFAULT"`` string in your ``navigatorPush.service.js`` file.
> 
> JSON example:
> 
> .. code-block:: python
> 
> 	import json
> 	from push_notifications.models import WebPushDevice
> 
> 	device = WebPushDevice.objects.get(registration_id=wp_reg_id)
> 
> 	title = "Message Received"
> 	message = "You've got mail"
> 	data = json.dumps({"title": title, "message": message})
> 
> 	device.send_message(data)
> 
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```
This must have been dulplicated during rebasing, and I missed it.
